𝐃𝐢𝐬𝐜𝐨𝐫𝐝 𝐑𝐞𝐦𝐢𝐧𝐝𝐞𝐫 𝐁𝐨𝐭 𝐏𝐫𝐢𝐯𝐚𝐜𝐲 𝐏𝐨𝐥𝐢𝐜𝐲

𝐄𝐟𝐟𝐞𝐜𝐭𝐢𝐯𝐞 𝐃𝐚𝐭𝐞: 𝟐𝟎𝟐𝟑.𝟎𝟖.𝟏𝟓

𝟏. 𝐈𝐧𝐭𝐫𝐨𝐝𝐮𝐜𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧
𝐓𝐡𝐢𝐬 𝐏𝐫𝐢𝐯𝐚𝐜𝐲 𝐏𝐨𝐥𝐢𝐜𝐲 𝐝𝐞𝐬𝐜𝐫𝐢𝐛𝐞𝐬 𝐡𝐨𝐰 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐃𝐢𝐬𝐜𝐨𝐫𝐝 𝐑𝐞𝐦𝐢𝐧𝐝𝐞𝐫 𝐁𝐨𝐭 ("𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐁𝐨𝐭") 𝐜𝐨𝐥𝐥𝐞𝐜𝐭𝐬, 𝐮𝐬𝐞𝐬, 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐩𝐫𝐨𝐭𝐞𝐜𝐭𝐬 𝐮𝐬𝐞𝐫 𝐝𝐚𝐭𝐚. 𝐁𝐲 𝐮𝐬𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐁𝐨𝐭, 𝐲𝐨𝐮 𝐚𝐠𝐫𝐞𝐞 𝐭𝐨 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐭𝐞𝐫𝐦𝐬 𝐨𝐮𝐭𝐥𝐢𝐧𝐞𝐝 𝐢𝐧 𝐭𝐡𝐢𝐬 𝐩𝐨𝐥𝐢𝐜𝐲.

𝟐. 𝐃𝐚𝐭𝐚 𝐂𝐨𝐥𝐥𝐞𝐜𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧
𝐓𝐡𝐞 𝐁𝐨𝐭 𝐦𝐚𝐲 𝐜𝐨𝐥𝐥𝐞𝐜𝐭 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐬𝐭𝐨𝐫𝐞 𝐜𝐞𝐫𝐭𝐚𝐢𝐧 𝐮𝐬𝐞𝐫 𝐝𝐚𝐭𝐚, 𝐢𝐧𝐜𝐥𝐮𝐝𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐦𝐞𝐬𝐬𝐚𝐠𝐞𝐬 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐮𝐬𝐚𝐠𝐞 𝐝𝐚𝐭𝐚, 𝐭𝐨 𝐩𝐫𝐨𝐯𝐢𝐝𝐞 𝐢𝐭𝐬 𝐬𝐞𝐫𝐯𝐢𝐜𝐞𝐬. 𝐓𝐡𝐢𝐬 𝐝𝐚𝐭𝐚 𝐢𝐬 𝐜𝐨𝐥𝐥𝐞𝐜𝐭𝐞𝐝 𝐚𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐦𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐜𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐲 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐢𝐬 𝐞𝐬𝐬𝐞𝐧𝐭𝐢𝐚𝐥 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐩𝐫𝐨𝐩𝐞𝐫 𝐟𝐮𝐧𝐜𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐨𝐟 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐁𝐨𝐭.

𝟑. 𝐔𝐬𝐞 𝐨𝐟 𝐃𝐚𝐭𝐚
𝐓𝐡𝐞 𝐮𝐬𝐞𝐫 𝐝𝐚𝐭𝐚 𝐜𝐨𝐥𝐥𝐞𝐜𝐭𝐞𝐝 𝐛𝐲 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐁𝐨𝐭 𝐢𝐬 𝐮𝐬𝐞𝐝 𝐬𝐨𝐥𝐞𝐥𝐲 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐩𝐮𝐫𝐩𝐨𝐬𝐞 𝐨𝐟 𝐩𝐫𝐨𝐯𝐢𝐝𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐫𝐞𝐦𝐢𝐧𝐝𝐞𝐫𝐬 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐞𝐧𝐡𝐚𝐧𝐜𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐮𝐬𝐞𝐫 𝐞𝐱𝐩𝐞𝐫𝐢𝐞𝐧𝐜𝐞. 𝐓𝐡𝐞 𝐝𝐚𝐭𝐚 𝐢𝐬 𝐧𝐨𝐭 𝐬𝐡𝐚𝐫𝐞𝐝 𝐰𝐢𝐭𝐡 𝐚𝐧𝐲 𝐭𝐡𝐢𝐫𝐝 𝐩𝐚𝐫𝐭𝐢𝐞𝐬 𝐨𝐫 𝐮𝐬𝐞𝐝 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐦𝐚𝐫𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐩𝐮𝐫𝐩𝐨𝐬𝐞𝐬.

𝟒. 𝐃𝐚𝐭𝐚 𝐒𝐞𝐜𝐮𝐫𝐢𝐭𝐲
𝐓𝐡𝐞 𝐜𝐫𝐞𝐚𝐭𝐨𝐫𝐬 𝐨𝐟 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐁𝐨𝐭 ("𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐂𝐫𝐞𝐚𝐭𝐨𝐫𝐬") 𝐭𝐚𝐤𝐞 𝐝𝐚𝐭𝐚 𝐬𝐞𝐜𝐮𝐫𝐢𝐭𝐲 𝐬𝐞𝐫𝐢𝐨𝐮𝐬𝐥𝐲 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐢𝐦𝐩𝐥𝐞𝐦𝐞𝐧𝐭 𝐫𝐞𝐚𝐬𝐨𝐧𝐚𝐛𝐥𝐞 𝐦𝐞𝐚𝐬𝐮𝐫𝐞𝐬 𝐭𝐨 𝐩𝐫𝐨𝐭𝐞𝐜𝐭 𝐮𝐬𝐞𝐫 𝐝𝐚𝐭𝐚 𝐟𝐫𝐨𝐦 𝐮𝐧𝐚𝐮𝐭𝐡𝐨𝐫𝐢𝐳𝐞𝐝 𝐚𝐜𝐜𝐞𝐬𝐬, 𝐝𝐢𝐬𝐜𝐥𝐨𝐬𝐮𝐫𝐞, 𝐨𝐫 𝐥𝐨𝐬𝐬.

𝟓. 𝐂𝐨𝐨𝐤𝐢𝐞𝐬
𝐓𝐡𝐞 𝐁𝐨𝐭 𝐦𝐚𝐲 𝐮𝐬𝐞 𝐜𝐨𝐨𝐤𝐢𝐞𝐬 𝐨𝐫 𝐬𝐢𝐦𝐢𝐥𝐚𝐫 𝐭𝐞𝐜𝐡𝐧𝐨𝐥𝐨𝐠𝐢𝐞𝐬 𝐭𝐨 𝐞𝐧𝐡𝐚𝐧𝐜𝐞 𝐮𝐬𝐞𝐫 𝐞𝐱𝐩𝐞𝐫𝐢𝐞𝐧𝐜𝐞. 𝐂𝐨𝐨𝐤𝐢𝐞𝐬 𝐝𝐨 𝐧𝐨𝐭 𝐜𝐨𝐥𝐥𝐞𝐜𝐭 𝐩𝐞𝐫𝐬𝐨𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐲 𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐧𝐭𝐢𝐟𝐢𝐚𝐛𝐥𝐞 𝐢𝐧𝐟𝐨𝐫𝐦𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐜𝐚𝐧 𝐛𝐞 𝐝𝐢𝐬𝐚𝐛𝐥𝐞𝐝 𝐢𝐧 𝐲𝐨𝐮𝐫 𝐛𝐫𝐨𝐰𝐬𝐞𝐫 𝐬𝐞𝐭𝐭𝐢𝐧𝐠𝐬.

𝟔. 𝐋𝐢𝐧𝐤𝐬 𝐭𝐨 𝐄𝐱𝐭𝐞𝐫𝐧𝐚𝐥 𝐒𝐢𝐭𝐞𝐬
𝐓𝐡𝐞 𝐁𝐨𝐭 𝐦𝐚𝐲 𝐜𝐨𝐧𝐭𝐚𝐢𝐧 𝐥𝐢𝐧𝐤𝐬 𝐭𝐨 𝐞𝐱𝐭𝐞𝐫𝐧𝐚𝐥 𝐰𝐞𝐛𝐬𝐢𝐭𝐞𝐬. 𝐓𝐡𝐞 𝐂𝐫𝐞𝐚𝐭𝐨𝐫𝐬 𝐚𝐫𝐞 𝐧𝐨𝐭 𝐫𝐞𝐬𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐛𝐥𝐞 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐩𝐫𝐢𝐯𝐚𝐜𝐲 𝐩𝐫𝐚𝐜𝐭𝐢𝐜𝐞𝐬 𝐨𝐫 𝐜𝐨𝐧𝐭𝐞𝐧𝐭 𝐨𝐟 𝐭𝐡𝐞𝐬𝐞 𝐬𝐢𝐭𝐞𝐬. 𝐔𝐬𝐞𝐫𝐬 𝐚𝐫𝐞 𝐚𝐝𝐯𝐢𝐬𝐞𝐝 𝐭𝐨 𝐫𝐞𝐯𝐢𝐞𝐰 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐩𝐫𝐢𝐯𝐚𝐜𝐲 𝐩𝐨𝐥𝐢𝐜𝐢𝐞𝐬 𝐨𝐟 𝐥𝐢𝐧𝐤𝐞𝐝 𝐬𝐢𝐭𝐞𝐬.

𝟕. 𝐃𝐚𝐭𝐚 𝐑𝐞𝐭𝐞𝐧𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧
𝐔𝐬𝐞𝐫 𝐝𝐚𝐭𝐚 𝐢𝐬 𝐫𝐞𝐭𝐚𝐢𝐧𝐞𝐝 𝐨𝐧𝐥𝐲 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐚𝐬 𝐥𝐨𝐧𝐠 𝐚𝐬 𝐧𝐞𝐜𝐞𝐬𝐬𝐚𝐫𝐲 𝐭𝐨 𝐩𝐫𝐨𝐯𝐢𝐝𝐞 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐁𝐨𝐭'𝐬 𝐬𝐞𝐫𝐯𝐢𝐜𝐞𝐬. 𝐀𝐟𝐭𝐞𝐫 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐝𝐚𝐭𝐚 𝐢𝐬 𝐧𝐨 𝐥𝐨𝐧𝐠𝐞𝐫 𝐧𝐞𝐞𝐝𝐞𝐝, 𝐢𝐭 𝐰𝐢𝐥𝐥 𝐛𝐞 𝐬𝐞𝐜𝐮𝐫𝐞𝐥𝐲 𝐝𝐞𝐥𝐞𝐭𝐞𝐝.

𝟖. 𝐂𝐡𝐢𝐥𝐝𝐫𝐞𝐧'𝐬 𝐏𝐫𝐢𝐯𝐚𝐜𝐲
𝐓𝐡𝐞 𝐁𝐨𝐭 𝐢𝐬 𝐧𝐨𝐭 𝐢𝐧𝐭𝐞𝐧𝐝𝐞𝐝 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐮𝐬𝐞𝐫𝐬 𝐮𝐧𝐝𝐞𝐫 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐚𝐠𝐞 𝐨𝐟 𝟏𝟑. 𝐓𝐡𝐞 𝐂𝐫𝐞𝐚𝐭𝐨𝐫𝐬 𝐝𝐨 𝐧𝐨𝐭 𝐤𝐧𝐨𝐰𝐢𝐧𝐠𝐥𝐲 𝐜𝐨𝐥𝐥𝐞𝐜𝐭 𝐩𝐞𝐫𝐬𝐨𝐧𝐚𝐥 𝐢𝐧𝐟𝐨𝐫𝐦𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐟𝐫𝐨𝐦 𝐜𝐡𝐢𝐥𝐝𝐫𝐞𝐧 𝐮𝐧𝐝𝐞𝐫 𝟏𝟑.

𝟗. 𝐂𝐡𝐚𝐧𝐠𝐞𝐬 𝐭𝐨 𝐏𝐫𝐢𝐯𝐚𝐜𝐲 𝐏𝐨𝐥𝐢𝐜𝐲
𝐓𝐡𝐞 𝐂𝐫𝐞𝐚𝐭𝐨𝐫𝐬 𝐫𝐞𝐬𝐞𝐫𝐯𝐞 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐫𝐢𝐠𝐡𝐭 𝐭𝐨 𝐦𝐨𝐝𝐢𝐟𝐲 𝐭𝐡𝐢𝐬 𝐏𝐫𝐢𝐯𝐚𝐜𝐲 𝐏𝐨𝐥𝐢𝐜𝐲 𝐚𝐭 𝐚𝐧𝐲 𝐭𝐢𝐦𝐞. 𝐔𝐬𝐞𝐫𝐬 𝐰𝐢𝐥𝐥 𝐛𝐞 𝐧𝐨𝐭𝐢𝐟𝐢𝐞𝐝 𝐨𝐟 𝐚𝐧𝐲 𝐦𝐚𝐭𝐞𝐫𝐢𝐚𝐥 𝐜𝐡𝐚𝐧𝐠𝐞𝐬. 𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐭𝐢𝐧𝐮𝐞𝐝 𝐮𝐬𝐞 𝐨𝐟 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐁𝐨𝐭 𝐚𝐟𝐭𝐞𝐫 𝐜𝐡𝐚𝐧𝐠𝐞𝐬 𝐜𝐨𝐧𝐬𝐭𝐢𝐭𝐮𝐭𝐞 𝐚𝐜𝐜𝐞𝐩𝐭𝐚𝐧𝐜𝐞 𝐨𝐟 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐮𝐩𝐝𝐚𝐭𝐞𝐝 𝐩𝐨𝐥𝐢𝐜𝐲.

𝟏𝟎. 𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐭𝐚𝐜𝐭
𝐅𝐨𝐫 𝐪𝐮𝐞𝐬𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝐬 𝐨𝐫 𝐜𝐨𝐧𝐜𝐞𝐫𝐧𝐬 𝐚𝐛𝐨𝐮𝐭 𝐭𝐡𝐢𝐬 𝐏𝐫𝐢𝐯𝐚𝐜𝐲 𝐏𝐨𝐥𝐢𝐜𝐲, 𝐲𝐨𝐮 𝐜𝐚𝐧 𝐜𝐨𝐧𝐭𝐚𝐜𝐭 𝐮𝐬 𝐚𝐭 𝐜𝐨𝐧𝐭𝐚𝐜𝐭@𝐪𝐲𝐨𝐩𝐲.𝐦𝐞.

𝐁𝐲 𝐮𝐬𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐁𝐨𝐭, 𝐲𝐨𝐮 𝐚𝐜𝐤𝐧𝐨𝐰𝐥𝐞𝐝𝐠𝐞 𝐭𝐡𝐚𝐭 𝐲𝐨𝐮 𝐡𝐚𝐯𝐞 𝐫𝐞𝐚𝐝 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐮𝐧𝐝𝐞𝐫𝐬𝐭𝐨𝐨𝐝 𝐭𝐡𝐢𝐬 𝐏𝐫𝐢𝐯𝐚𝐜𝐲 𝐏𝐨𝐥𝐢𝐜𝐲 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐚𝐠𝐫𝐞𝐞 𝐭𝐨 𝐢𝐭𝐬 𝐭𝐞𝐫𝐦𝐬.
