𝐃𝐢𝐬𝐜𝐨𝐫𝐝 𝐑𝐞𝐦𝐢𝐧𝐝𝐞𝐫 𝐁𝐨𝐭 𝐓𝐞𝐫𝐦𝐬 𝐨𝐟 𝐒𝐞𝐫𝐯𝐢𝐜𝐞

𝐄𝐟𝐟𝐞𝐜𝐭𝐢𝐯𝐞 𝐃𝐚𝐭𝐞: 𝟐𝟎𝟐𝟑.𝟎𝟖.𝟏𝟓

𝟏. 𝐀𝐜𝐜𝐞𝐩𝐭𝐚𝐧𝐜𝐞 𝐨𝐟 𝐓𝐞𝐫𝐦𝐬
𝐁𝐲 𝐮𝐬𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐃𝐢𝐬𝐜𝐨𝐫𝐝 𝐑𝐞𝐦𝐢𝐧𝐝𝐞𝐫 𝐁𝐨𝐭 ("𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐁𝐨𝐭"), 𝐲𝐨𝐮 𝐚𝐠𝐫𝐞𝐞 𝐭𝐨 𝐚𝐛𝐢𝐝𝐞 𝐛𝐲 𝐭𝐡𝐞𝐬𝐞 𝐓𝐞𝐫𝐦𝐬 𝐨𝐟 𝐒𝐞𝐫𝐯𝐢𝐜𝐞. 𝐈𝐟 𝐲𝐨𝐮 𝐝𝐨 𝐧𝐨𝐭 𝐚𝐠𝐫𝐞𝐞 𝐰𝐢𝐭𝐡 𝐭𝐡𝐞𝐬𝐞 𝐭𝐞𝐫𝐦𝐬, 𝐩𝐥𝐞𝐚𝐬𝐞 𝐫𝐞𝐟𝐫𝐚𝐢𝐧 𝐟𝐫𝐨𝐦 𝐮𝐬𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐁𝐨𝐭.

𝟐. 𝐔𝐬𝐞 𝐨𝐟 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐁𝐨𝐭
𝐓𝐡𝐞 𝐁𝐨𝐭 𝐩𝐫𝐨𝐯𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐬 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐚𝐛𝐢𝐥𝐢𝐭𝐲 𝐭𝐨 𝐬𝐞𝐭 𝐫𝐞𝐦𝐢𝐧𝐝𝐞𝐫𝐬 𝐰𝐢𝐭𝐡𝐢𝐧 𝐃𝐢𝐬𝐜𝐨𝐫𝐝 𝐬𝐞𝐫𝐯𝐞𝐫𝐬. 𝐓𝐡𝐞 𝐁𝐨𝐭'𝐬 𝐟𝐮𝐧𝐜𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐢𝐭𝐲 𝐢𝐬 𝐩𝐫𝐨𝐯𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐝 "𝐚𝐬 𝐢𝐬," 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐜𝐫𝐞𝐚𝐭𝐨𝐫𝐬 𝐨𝐟 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐁𝐨𝐭 ("𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐂𝐫𝐞𝐚𝐭𝐨𝐫𝐬") 𝐝𝐨 𝐧𝐨𝐭 𝐠𝐮𝐚𝐫𝐚𝐧𝐭𝐞𝐞 𝐢𝐭𝐬 𝐚𝐜𝐜𝐮𝐫𝐚𝐜𝐲, 𝐫𝐞𝐥𝐢𝐚𝐛𝐢𝐥𝐢𝐭𝐲, 𝐨𝐫 𝐬𝐮𝐢𝐭𝐚𝐛𝐢𝐥𝐢𝐭𝐲 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐚𝐧𝐲 𝐩𝐮𝐫𝐩𝐨𝐬𝐞.

𝟑. 𝐔𝐬𝐞𝐫 𝐑𝐞𝐬𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐛𝐢𝐥𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐞𝐬
𝐘𝐨𝐮 𝐚𝐠𝐫𝐞𝐞 𝐧𝐨𝐭 𝐭𝐨 𝐦𝐢𝐬𝐮𝐬𝐞 𝐨𝐫 𝐚𝐛𝐮𝐬𝐞 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐁𝐨𝐭'𝐬 𝐜𝐚𝐩𝐚𝐛𝐢𝐥𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐞𝐬. 𝐘𝐨𝐮 𝐰𝐢𝐥𝐥 𝐧𝐨𝐭 𝐮𝐬𝐞 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐁𝐨𝐭 𝐭𝐨 𝐞𝐧𝐠𝐚𝐠𝐞 𝐢𝐧 𝐡𝐚𝐫𝐦𝐟𝐮𝐥 𝐚𝐜𝐭𝐢𝐯𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐞𝐬, 𝐢𝐧𝐜𝐥𝐮𝐝𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐬𝐩𝐚𝐦𝐦𝐢𝐧𝐠, 𝐝𝐢𝐬𝐭𝐫𝐢𝐛𝐮𝐭𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐦𝐚𝐥𝐰𝐚𝐫𝐞, 𝐨𝐫 𝐯𝐢𝐨𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐃𝐢𝐬𝐜𝐨𝐫𝐝'𝐬 𝐓𝐞𝐫𝐦𝐬 𝐨𝐟 𝐒𝐞𝐫𝐯𝐢𝐜𝐞.

𝟒. 𝐔𝐬𝐞𝐫 𝐃𝐚𝐭𝐚
𝐓𝐡𝐞 𝐁𝐨𝐭 𝐦𝐚𝐲 𝐜𝐨𝐥𝐥𝐞𝐜𝐭 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐬𝐭𝐨𝐫𝐞 𝐜𝐞𝐫𝐭𝐚𝐢𝐧 𝐮𝐬𝐞𝐫 𝐝𝐚𝐭𝐚, 𝐢𝐧𝐜𝐥𝐮𝐝𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐦𝐞𝐬𝐬𝐚𝐠𝐞𝐬 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐮𝐬𝐚𝐠𝐞 𝐝𝐚𝐭𝐚. 𝐓𝐡𝐞 𝐂𝐫𝐞𝐚𝐭𝐨𝐫𝐬 𝐫𝐞𝐬𝐩𝐞𝐜𝐭 𝐮𝐬𝐞𝐫 𝐩𝐫𝐢𝐯𝐚𝐜𝐲 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐰𝐢𝐥𝐥 𝐡𝐚𝐧𝐝𝐥𝐞 𝐝𝐚𝐭𝐚 𝐢𝐧 𝐚𝐜𝐜𝐨𝐫𝐝𝐚𝐧𝐜𝐞 𝐰𝐢𝐭𝐡 𝐨𝐮𝐫 𝐏𝐫𝐢𝐯𝐚𝐜𝐲 𝐏𝐨𝐥𝐢𝐜𝐲.

𝟓. 𝐋𝐢𝐦𝐢𝐭𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐨𝐟 𝐋𝐢𝐚𝐛𝐢𝐥𝐢𝐭𝐲
𝐓𝐡𝐞 𝐂𝐫𝐞𝐚𝐭𝐨𝐫𝐬 𝐰𝐢𝐥𝐥 𝐧𝐨𝐭 𝐛𝐞 𝐥𝐢𝐚𝐛𝐥𝐞 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐚𝐧𝐲 𝐝𝐚𝐦𝐚𝐠𝐞𝐬 𝐚𝐫𝐢𝐬𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐟𝐫𝐨𝐦 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐮𝐬𝐞 𝐨𝐫 𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐛𝐢𝐥𝐢𝐭𝐲 𝐭𝐨 𝐮𝐬𝐞 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐁𝐨𝐭, 𝐢𝐧𝐜𝐥𝐮𝐝𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐝𝐢𝐫𝐞𝐜𝐭, 𝐢𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐫𝐞𝐜𝐭, 𝐢𝐧𝐜𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐧𝐭𝐚𝐥, 𝐨𝐫 𝐜𝐨𝐧𝐬𝐞𝐪𝐮𝐞𝐧𝐭𝐢𝐚𝐥 𝐝𝐚𝐦𝐚𝐠𝐞𝐬.

𝟔. 𝐂𝐡𝐚𝐧𝐠𝐞𝐬 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐔𝐩𝐝𝐚𝐭𝐞𝐬
𝐓𝐡𝐞 𝐂𝐫𝐞𝐚𝐭𝐨𝐫𝐬 𝐫𝐞𝐬𝐞𝐫𝐯𝐞 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐫𝐢𝐠𝐡𝐭 𝐭𝐨 𝐦𝐨𝐝𝐢𝐟𝐲, 𝐬𝐮𝐬𝐩𝐞𝐧𝐝, 𝐨𝐫 𝐭𝐞𝐫𝐦𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐭𝐞 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐁𝐨𝐭'𝐬 𝐬𝐞𝐫𝐯𝐢𝐜𝐞𝐬 𝐚𝐭 𝐚𝐧𝐲 𝐭𝐢𝐦𝐞. 𝐓𝐡𝐞 𝐓𝐨𝐒 𝐦𝐚𝐲 𝐚𝐥𝐬𝐨 𝐛𝐞 𝐮𝐩𝐝𝐚𝐭𝐞𝐝 𝐩𝐞𝐫𝐢𝐨𝐝𝐢𝐜𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐲, 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐜𝐨𝐧𝐭𝐢𝐧𝐮𝐞𝐝 𝐮𝐬𝐞 𝐨𝐟 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐁𝐨𝐭 𝐜𝐨𝐧𝐬𝐭𝐢𝐭𝐮𝐭𝐞𝐬 𝐚𝐜𝐜𝐞𝐩𝐭𝐚𝐧𝐜𝐞 𝐨𝐟 𝐚𝐧𝐲 𝐦𝐨𝐝𝐢𝐟𝐢𝐜𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝐬.

𝟕. 𝐈𝐧𝐝𝐞𝐦𝐧𝐢𝐟𝐢𝐜𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧
𝐘𝐨𝐮 𝐚𝐠𝐫𝐞𝐞 𝐭𝐨 𝐢𝐧𝐝𝐞𝐦𝐧𝐢𝐟𝐲 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐡𝐨𝐥𝐝 𝐡𝐚𝐫𝐦𝐥𝐞𝐬𝐬 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐂𝐫𝐞𝐚𝐭𝐨𝐫𝐬 𝐟𝐫𝐨𝐦 𝐚𝐧𝐲 𝐜𝐥𝐚𝐢𝐦𝐬, 𝐝𝐚𝐦𝐚𝐠𝐞𝐬, 𝐥𝐨𝐬𝐬𝐞𝐬, 𝐨𝐫 𝐥𝐢𝐚𝐛𝐢𝐥𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐞𝐬 𝐚𝐫𝐢𝐬𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐟𝐫𝐨𝐦 𝐲𝐨𝐮𝐫 𝐮𝐬𝐞 𝐨𝐟 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐁𝐨𝐭 𝐨𝐫 𝐯𝐢𝐨𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐨𝐟 𝐭𝐡𝐞𝐬𝐞 𝐓𝐞𝐫𝐦𝐬.

𝟖. 𝐆𝐨𝐯𝐞𝐫𝐧𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐋𝐚𝐰
𝐓𝐡𝐞𝐬𝐞 𝐓𝐞𝐫𝐦𝐬 𝐨𝐟 𝐒𝐞𝐫𝐯𝐢𝐜𝐞 𝐚𝐫𝐞 𝐠𝐨𝐯𝐞𝐫𝐧𝐞𝐝 𝐛𝐲 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐜𝐨𝐧𝐬𝐭𝐫𝐮𝐞𝐝 𝐢𝐧 𝐚𝐜𝐜𝐨𝐫𝐝𝐚𝐧𝐜𝐞 𝐰𝐢𝐭𝐡 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐥𝐚𝐰𝐬 𝐨𝐟 [𝐘𝐨𝐮𝐫 𝐉𝐮𝐫𝐢𝐬𝐝𝐢𝐜𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧]. 𝐀𝐧𝐲 𝐝𝐢𝐬𝐩𝐮𝐭𝐞𝐬 𝐚𝐫𝐢𝐬𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐟𝐫𝐨𝐦 𝐭𝐡𝐞𝐬𝐞 𝐭𝐞𝐫𝐦𝐬 𝐰𝐢𝐥𝐥 𝐛𝐞 𝐬𝐮𝐛𝐣𝐞𝐜𝐭 𝐭𝐨 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐞𝐱𝐜𝐥𝐮𝐬𝐢𝐯𝐞 𝐣𝐮𝐫𝐢𝐬𝐝𝐢𝐜𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐨𝐟 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐜𝐨𝐮𝐫𝐭𝐬 𝐨𝐟 [𝐘𝐨𝐮𝐫 𝐉𝐮𝐫𝐢𝐬𝐝𝐢𝐜𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧].

𝟗. 𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐭𝐚𝐜𝐭
𝐅𝐨𝐫 𝐪𝐮𝐞𝐬𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝐬 𝐨𝐫 𝐜𝐨𝐧𝐜𝐞𝐫𝐧𝐬 𝐚𝐛𝐨𝐮𝐭 𝐭𝐡𝐞𝐬𝐞 𝐓𝐞𝐫𝐦𝐬 𝐨𝐟 𝐒𝐞𝐫𝐯𝐢𝐜𝐞, 𝐲𝐨𝐮 𝐜𝐚𝐧 𝐜𝐨𝐧𝐭𝐚𝐜𝐭 𝐮𝐬 𝐚𝐭 [𝐘𝐨𝐮𝐫 𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐭𝐚𝐜𝐭 𝐈𝐧𝐟𝐨𝐫𝐦𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧].

𝐏𝐥𝐞𝐚𝐬𝐞 𝐫𝐞𝐯𝐢𝐞𝐰 𝐨𝐮𝐫 𝐏𝐫𝐢𝐯𝐚𝐜𝐲 𝐏𝐨𝐥𝐢𝐜𝐲 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐢𝐧𝐟𝐨𝐫𝐦𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐚𝐛𝐨𝐮𝐭 𝐡𝐨𝐰 𝐰𝐞 𝐜𝐨𝐥𝐥𝐞𝐜𝐭, 𝐮𝐬𝐞, 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐡𝐚𝐧𝐝𝐥𝐞 𝐮𝐬𝐞𝐫 𝐝𝐚𝐭𝐚.

𝐁𝐲 𝐮𝐬𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐁𝐨𝐭, 𝐲𝐨𝐮 𝐚𝐜𝐤𝐧𝐨𝐰𝐥𝐞𝐝𝐠𝐞 𝐭𝐡𝐚𝐭 𝐲𝐨𝐮 𝐡𝐚𝐯𝐞 𝐫𝐞𝐚𝐝 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐮𝐧𝐝𝐞𝐫𝐬𝐭𝐨𝐨𝐝 𝐭𝐡𝐞𝐬𝐞 𝐓𝐞𝐫𝐦𝐬 𝐨𝐟 𝐒𝐞𝐫𝐯𝐢𝐜𝐞 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐚𝐠𝐫𝐞𝐞 𝐭𝐨 𝐛𝐞 𝐛𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐝 𝐛𝐲 𝐭𝐡𝐞𝐦.
